ESP-LCD-NV3041A is nonexistent at time of this project. 

It is now responsibility to create it and upload it for public use.

Resolution of screen - max 480x272 px

Another mode: 320x240 px.

My resolution: 480x128.

The driver has 720 sources and 544 gates. GRAM of 293760 bytes

**Hardware-Side Setup**
IM2:0
For Standard SPI Interface Enable

| IM2 | IM1 | IM0 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 0   | 0   | 1   |
SPI4W
High for 4 wire

GRB (RESET)
Global Reset - Internally pulled high. Active low.

DISP
User should connect to LOW. Internal pull HIGH.


**Register Level Setup**

Standard 4 wire SPI
Requirements: set IM[2:0], set SPI4W = 1, Register 3AH (COLMOD) = 0x01 (which is default)

Most of the registers here are very common and expected for a "generic" display IC, that does not cause loss of generality.

Set: 
Set the scan window of the timing engine. 
SCAN_HRES default 0b111111111
SCAN_VRES default 0b111111111


GATE_Setting 0x51 -> usually not touched

GATE_SCAN 0x50 -> try default, usually not touched

For sure:
CASET 0x2A Col Set -> if mv = 0, 0-479. If mv = 1, 0-271  | want mv = 0
RASET 0x2B Row Set -> if mv = 0, 0-271, if mv = 0, 0-479  | want mv = 0

SCAN_HRES default 0b111111111
SCAN_VRES default 0b111111111

NORMAL 

COLMOD (explicitly, but default is fine)
MADCTL  -> 0b0000000 (which is default) -> validates CASET and RASET

SLPOUT
DISPON

Optionals: 

IDMOFF 0x38

________________________________________________________________________

Note: for setting registers, send the register address as the command, then data as its contents.
NV3052 has page changes between register settings - this is because it has banked registers. NV3041 does not have banked registers, it can be considered to have a single page and absolute register addresses.

**esp_lcd_nv3041 functions**

And any concerns

```c
esp_err_t panel_nv3041_del(esp_lcd_panel_t *panel);
//ok

esp_err_t esp_lcd_new_panel_nv3041(const esp_lcd_panel_io_handle_t io, const esp_lcd_panel_dev_config_t *panel_dev_config, esp_lcd_panel_handle_t *ret_panel)
//added a ESP_LOGI at line 144... not sure if it will work

esp_err_t panel_nv3041_reset(esp_lcd_panel_t *panel)
//ok

//define a struct of type nv3041_lcd_init_cmd_t called vendor_specific_init_default[]




esp_err_t panel_nv3041_init(esp_lcd_panel_t *panel)
//ok


```

**Making Open-Source Contributions**

The folder structure has to be the same as the other esp_lcd_x display panel drivers.
The folder contains:

include > .h file (have)
.component_hash (autoGenerated on Pull)
CHANGELOG.md (need to add)
CHECKSUMS.json (augoGenerated on Pull)
CMakeLists.txt (have)
esp_lcd_x.c (have)
idf_component.yml (have)
license.txt (need to add)
README.md (need to add)

